h1. My Bash Settings

basically, I just wanted to keep my bash profile changes updated in one place. If anyone wants to use them, please feel free to do so.

h2. Installation

# From Terminal.app, change into your home directory
<pre>cd</pre>
# Clone this project or download and install to the home directory
<pre>git clone git://github.com/jedschneider/bash_settings.git</pre> 
# Rename your existing bash profile 
<pre>mv .bash_profile .bash_profile.back</pre>
# Symlink the new profile 
<pre>ln -s ~/bash_settings/.bash_profile ~/.bash_profile</pre>
# Restart Your Bash Shell (quitting and launching terminal should be sufficient, logout may be necessary)

h3. Description

Here is a list of my changes made to the shell environment

h4. Macports

Macports is a package management system I use to manage my git and ruby installs. It works great to install git-svn (some perl bindings in the standard os x install of subversion cause conflicts) which is a git add-on library to manage subversion repositories through git. 
Libraries I manage with macports:

* ruby
* rails
* mysql
* rubygems
* mongrel
* git

h4. Terminal Prompt

Use PS1 to modify the terminal look

h4. Aliases

Mostly shortcuts for git commands. @ls@ lists all files and in Mac OS X, it lists file types in ASCII color.

h4. Coldfusion

I have a local eg. @~/username/Applications/ColdFusion@ copy of cold fusion installed, that way I don't need sudo access to write to and from the coldfusion web root when testing CF/Flex applications locally. Also included are a couple shortcuts to start and stop the coldfusion server.